
Found 91 document(s) (in 10 milliseconds) that matched query 'ID: 11
Topic: Sugar free
Body: My 90 year old Daddy just got diagnosed, the one thing he loves is Ice cream, can he eat sugar free ice cream?
':

(1) [145] I have a 13 year son and he was diagnosed with Type1 Diabetes September 2010. Lately he has been waking up to high readings, over 300, and I am not sure why it gets that high. We have had problems in the past when he would sneak and eat chips and candy, the stuff that he knows he shouldn't be eating but he promises that he doesn't eat after dinner and is positive that he doesn't know why his sugar is high in the mornings. So if anyone can give me tips and suggestions it will be very appreciated.
(2) [112] My husband is type 2 diabetes since less than 10 years. I don't know how much damage his body already has, but he already suffer from, erectile dysfunction, diabetic foot, retrograde ejaculation, mild high blood pressure. I want to help him but I am not sure what type of foods diabetic people can eat.  Any help of what I can cook for him?
(3) [171] I am 25 yr old female. I was diagnosed with type 2 about 9 months back. My BF and I had a decent love life until a year ago. But since my diagnosis, I have noticed a remarkable downturn in my desire for sex. I am never in the mood. I know diabetes can cause ED in men. But I am wondering whether it can also cause loss of libido in women.

Found 93 document(s) (in 0 milliseconds) that matched query 'ID: 12
Topic: Exercise Advice
Body: What kind of exercise is most beneficial to diabetics? Should I do cardio or weights or swimming or a combination?
':

(1) [127] I was diagnosed with type II. I know that regular exercise is essential. I used to swim when I was in college. Should I go back to swimming or should I do a different exercise regimen? Please advice.
(2) [105] I am trying to put some kind of a menu together to eat better. What does any of you diabetics eat on a regular day? I work during the day so looking for lunch and dinner ideas.
(3) [167] My friend who does yoga regularly has been diagnosed with diabetes. Does yoga alone suffice as exercise for her or should she add a cardio-type workout (like running/elliptical)?

Found 93 document(s) (in 0 milliseconds) that matched query 'ID: 13
Topic: Neuropathy in fingers
Body: I am getting so fed up and frustrated with the neuropathy I have. My feet have been painful for some time, but I have had treatment and special orthotics fitted, and they are better. But I now (think) I have neuropathy in my fingers, as the tips feel tight and painful, and the skin in areas feels burned. None of my doctors seems to know much nor seems particularly interested. This is getting me down - any advice?
':

(1) [118] I had gestational diabetes with both my daughters. My mom has type 2. Since this summer I have developed a fungal thing under my breasts. When I sweat even a little, I get this terrible itchiness and fungal smell. Then just since the beginning of this year I have had a rash come and go on my hand. I also have been getting really itchy spots on my legs too. Anyone here have these symptoms of itchy skin and fungus and are diabetic?
(2) [141] I have type 2 and was wondering if anybody has had any eye problems. I went to the eye doctor because I was having problems with my eyes. I see multiple objects sometimes. I am also having constant pain behind my eyes. The eye doctor said that I am getting weak eye muscles now. Well I was wondering if this had something to do with the diabetes or possibly high blood pressure. If anybody has been through this tell me what it might be.
(3) [125] I woke up a couple of weeks ago and noticed that I couldn’t feel my toes on my right foot. I tried moving my toes around some more which resulted in a vague tingly sensation.  Between then and now the big toe on my right foot seems to hurt a lot. And then the past few days the lack of sensation and numbness in my toes in the morning seems worse. I was diagnosed with neuropathy in my right foot 2 years ago but things improved by watching my diet and exercise. I have been stressed and sleep deprived for the past 2 and a half months and have more or less been shoving random carb things into my mouth. Does anyone think this might be a recurrence of neuropathy?

Found 93 document(s) (in 10 milliseconds) that matched query 'ID: 14
Topic: Cinnamon?
Body: I've read where cinnamon may be the best of the spices or supplements to use to reduce blood sugar. Any thoughts or experiences with cinnamon? I also read where tumaric and ginger may help as well, but that cinnamon had the best test results thus far. I was think on trying 2X 1000mg tabs a day over the next 3 months to see if there's any positive effects on my labs in June, even if it's just a few ticks off the blood sugar readings. Thanks.
':

(1) [113] I'm on Metformin for my diabetes but have lost weight over the past 2 years, at my last annual check up I expected they would review my meds due to the weight loss but they say that my blood sugars are good and they want to keep me on the Metformin as its working and doing its job well. Increasingly over the last couple of months I've been experiencing what only seems like 'low blood sugars' dizzy spells, extreme hunger pangs that make me experience nausea (like the morning sickness nausea that low blood sugars cause whilst pregnant) so I bought some test sticks for my glucose meter this week and have been testing since yesterday. So far it seems my blood sugars are on the low scale, not quite what you would call hypo levels but considering I've only taken them whilst sat at home or at my desk I would imagine they probably drop lower when I'm active. I've been told that I will not suffer Hypos on Metformin, but with these readings I am starting to think that maybe I might be now suffering with low blood sugars even though I'm eating a well balanced diet throughout the day. Does anyone else experience symptoms on Metformin?
(2) [103] Hi, I have insulin resistance. My sugar not real high for meds. My sugar usually 105- to 111 of the morning. Has anyone ever tried taking cinnamon tablets when it's over 111?
(3) [155] I have heard diabetes can make women more prone to yeast infections. I'm not clear if it's just the disease itself or this becomes a problem when levels get out of wack. Do any of you women know of a way to help eliminate or cut down on this problem? Or better yet what exactly the trigger is between the 2?

Found 93 document(s) (in 13 milliseconds) that matched query 'ID: 15
Topic: Metformin and High Blood sugar levels
Body: I was put on Metformin to control my blood sugars about two weeks ago. 500mg pill twice a day. After logging my blood sugar levels for a week, the doctor told me to double the dosage. So now I am taking 1000mg twice a day and since doing that (for about 3 days) my blood sugars are still high, some even higher than they were before. Is there any reason that doubling the meds which are meant to lower your blood sugar would actually increase it, or would not have the same effect as a lower dosage? For any of you on Metformin, have you had any similar issues? Are you taking any other meds to help control things?
':

(1) [113] I'm on Metformin for my diabetes but have lost weight over the past 2 years, at my last annual check up I expected they would review my meds due to the weight loss but they say that my blood sugars are good and they want to keep me on the Metformin as its working and doing its job well. Increasingly over the last couple of months I've been experiencing what only seems like 'low blood sugars' dizzy spells, extreme hunger pangs that make me experience nausea (like the morning sickness nausea that low blood sugars cause whilst pregnant) so I bought some test sticks for my glucose meter this week and have been testing since yesterday. So far it seems my blood sugars are on the low scale, not quite what you would call hypo levels but considering I've only taken them whilst sat at home or at my desk I would imagine they probably drop lower when I'm active. I've been told that I will not suffer Hypos on Metformin, but with these readings I am starting to think that maybe I might be now suffering with low blood sugars even though I'm eating a well balanced diet throughout the day. Does anyone else experience symptoms on Metformin?
(2) [122] I was wondering if any of you have type 2 Diabetes and got pregnant? i have 2 boys and with both of them they used insulin as my control for my bs. Well now that I am on preg. #4 and I am 6 weeks now and they started me on glucophage. So far everything is going pretty good, but my sugars are still a little high. They have me on 2,500mg of glucophage.
(3) [101] I am just wondering if anyone knows if you take more than one pill of your usual dose of Metamorfin can it hurt/affect you in any way?I had my tea but I couldn't remember if I had my Metamorfin afterwards.Should I take a pill if I'm not sure. or should I just leave it?

Found 92 document(s) (in 2 milliseconds) that matched query 'ID: 16
Topic: Another A1C Question
Body: Last A1C test was 6.5 but the fasting blood sugar was 108 . I would have thought that both would have been up . Still confused as to whether this is pre diabetes or diabetes.
':

(1) [113] I'm on Metformin for my diabetes but have lost weight over the past 2 years, at my last annual check up I expected they would review my meds due to the weight loss but they say that my blood sugars are good and they want to keep me on the Metformin as its working and doing its job well. Increasingly over the last couple of months I've been experiencing what only seems like 'low blood sugars' dizzy spells, extreme hunger pangs that make me experience nausea (like the morning sickness nausea that low blood sugars cause whilst pregnant) so I bought some test sticks for my glucose meter this week and have been testing since yesterday. So far it seems my blood sugars are on the low scale, not quite what you would call hypo levels but considering I've only taken them whilst sat at home or at my desk I would imagine they probably drop lower when I'm active. I've been told that I will not suffer Hypos on Metformin, but with these readings I am starting to think that maybe I might be now suffering with low blood sugars even though I'm eating a well balanced diet throughout the day. Does anyone else experience symptoms on Metformin?
(2) [104] I am currently following a high fat low carb diet. No bread no potatoes Xylitol as a sugar substitute. I have lost 8 kgs in 6 months and 2cm around the waist. I appear to be at the acceptable weight for my height and age (66years). Not sure if I am insulin resistant but would like to know if there is a blood test I can take to confirm my concerns. I exercise about 30 mins (walking) each day.
(3) [192] I've been showing some odd symptoms lately: Waking up shaking, Night sweats, Very thirsty, Dry mouth, Red dots on body I was given a diabetes blood test. Just a regular non fasting one.  It came back ok. But I'm wondering, since these symptoms appear during the night when I've not eaten in a while, would this only be picked up on a fasting blood test?

Found 94 document(s) (in 3 milliseconds) that matched query 'ID: 17
Topic: bg effects on eyes
Body: I have had problems the last few months with my eyes being sensitive to light, but only after I have a rather heavy meal, usually lunch. I can be fine before I go into a restaurant, but then when I come out I have to squint very hard to even be able to walk to the car. Could this mean that the diabetes is starting to affect my eyes?
':

(1) [115] I've had diabetes for around 10 years. I have been on Metformin since the beginning, then Levemir, and the doctor recently added Lyxumia and Apidra, the latter to take before having carbs. I am struggling a bit to know when to take Apidra (e.g. before a Coke, or a cake, or just before meals with carbs). I do allow myself the odd treat. In order to manage my BG levels, is it OK to top up the Apidra a few times a day to get to know how it works with my system, or could that screw up my BG? If anyone else is on this, could they help?
(2) [133] I am in my early twenties. Symptoms are fatigue weakness at times I get very hungry very dizzy and weakness with blurred vision and heat. I do eat normally. But when I miss a meal I get weak. Ruled out thyroid anemia heart problems...normal blood pressure
(3) [169] I have been a diabetic for 25 years;  I have been experiencing pretty severe tingling and needles in my left foot (they come and go). Also, I was diagnosed with Cubital Tunnel Syndrome in my left elbow at the end of 2010. I read a lot of threads talking about the supplements which help with DPN. How long can I take these for? I'm only in my 30s. Can I take those for the rest of my life, if they work?  Does efficiency of the supplements wear off after a while?

Found 94 document(s) (in 2 milliseconds) that matched query 'ID: 18
Topic: Diabetes and Impotence
Body: I am a spouse of a diabetic. He has had diabetes for the past 5 years and very recently has started experiencing erectile dysfunction. His Dr prescribed Viagra. But it gives him severe headaches even with cutting the dosage. Can anyone make suggestions/recommendations?
':

(1) [112] My husband is type 2 diabetes since less than 10 years. I don't know how much damage his body already has, but he already suffer from, erectile dysfunction, diabetic foot, retrograde ejaculation, mild high blood pressure. I want to help him but I am not sure what type of foods diabetic people can eat.  Any help of what I can cook for him?
(2) [145] I have a 13 year son and he was diagnosed with Type1 Diabetes September 2010. Lately he has been waking up to high readings, over 300, and I am not sure why it gets that high. We have had problems in the past when he would sneak and eat chips and candy, the stuff that he knows he shouldn't be eating but he promises that he doesn't eat after dinner and is positive that he doesn't know why his sugar is high in the mornings. So if anyone can give me tips and suggestions it will be very appreciated.
(3) [142] I am a 25 yr old guy recently diagnosed with type II diabetes. I have been experiencing erectile problems since a year or so. I am wondering whether my ED is the result of diabetes and whether ED will be cured by keeping blood sugar under control.

Found 87 document(s) (in 1 milliseconds) that matched query 'ID: 19
Topic: Need Suggestions for Natural Juices
Body: Can anyone suggest any Natural Juice - Rich in Vitamin C & good for Type 2 Diabetics?
':

(1) [129] What FRUIT JUICE if any can someone with TYPE 2 drink ?
(2) [188] Is there a beer we Type II can drink? Can you suggest one?
(3) [163] My father who is type II Diabetic, has really been craving fruit. I would think that Type II diabetics could still have fruit...right? And if so - when is the best time to eat fruit, and how much should he eat of it in a day?

Found 93 document(s) (in 1 milliseconds) that matched query 'ID: 20
Topic: Cough medicine for a diabetic
Body: After having a cold last week, I have developed a dry, tickling cough. Can anyone recommend a cough medicine for a diabetic?
':

(1) [197] Can anyone recommend a good cough suppressant that does not raise bg?
(2) [169] I have been a diabetic for 25 years;  I have been experiencing pretty severe tingling and needles in my left foot (they come and go). Also, I was diagnosed with Cubital Tunnel Syndrome in my left elbow at the end of 2010. I read a lot of threads talking about the supplements which help with DPN. How long can I take these for? I'm only in my 30s. Can I take those for the rest of my life, if they work?  Does efficiency of the supplements wear off after a while?
(3) [123] I was told that decongestants and other cold meds can increase glucose levels. I suffer from horrible allergies and have been TRYING to avoid these things until I go back to the dr. next week to ask about it. I USED to take both sudafed for congestion and benedryl for runny nose/sneezing.  If you have allergies, what do you take?
